[GEOT-7112] Introduce DefaultLoggingFactory and revise logging integration tests to fail build (#3845)
geotools/geotools: docs/user/library/metadata/logging/log4j.rst

  FINEST        FINEST
  ALL           ALL
  ============= ================

> * Lots of ways to enable java util logging bridge to Log4J:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* There are several ways to enable ``java.util.logging`` bridge to Log4J:
```
